Skip to content
costa rica recovery addiction treatment center
Home
About
Program
Admissions
Contact Us
Click for Nosara Retreat Info
Call / Text Us
Home >
Staff Members

Meet the Team Behind Your Recovery Journey
Our experienced and compassionate team is dedicated to guiding you toward a life of balance and well-being. Together, we’ll help you unlock your full potential.

Contact Us for Any Questions

scott-h-costa-rica-recovery
Scott Huseby
President & Hope Dealer-In-Chief (CEO)

Adriana Vila Lima
Chief Financial Officer

Dr. Bryan Alfaro, PhD
Medical Services Director
In Scott Huseby’s previous career, he led one of the most respected litigation support firms in the United States. Yet beyond his professional success, Scott discovered a deeper purpose after experiencing the healing power of recovery firsthand.

That calling led him to Costa Rica, where he became the owner of Costa Rica Recovery in San José – a holistic, participant-centered haven for individuals seeking freedom from addiction. Scott now uses his leadership and lived experience to walk alongside others on their recovery journey, offering the same hope and healing that changed his life.


Rachel Ena Baxter
Managing Director
sharon-costa-rica-recovery
Sharon Fallas Moya
Clinical Team Director

Stephanie Wendler
Clinical Psychologist

Dra. Rosaria De Vega
Medical Doctor
costa-rica-recovery-staff-recovery
Dr. Quirós Mauro
Medical Doctor
richard-costa-rica-recovery
Richard LeBow
Director of Admissions

Mariana Guevara Morales
Program Operations Manager/Occupational Therapist

Ernesto Leon
Director of Food Services & Client Wellness Coordinator

Marco Morris
Facilities & Activities Manager

Andrea Céspedes Gamboa, LCSW
Social Worker

Pilar Arce
Recovery Counselor

Silvia Chaves Rodriguez
Residential Nursing Supervisor

Luz Mary Machado
Head Chef

Cesar Murillo Jara
Nurse Residential Coordinator

Indira Aguilar Fallas
Nurse Residential Coordinator

Cecilia Simón Solano
Residential Coordinator

Laura Elizondo
Psychologist

Graciela Monge
Nurse Residential Coordinator

Ariana Sesin
Yoga Teacher

John La Touche
Tai Chi Instructor

Laura Sibaja
Sound Therapy Facilitator

Marianella Zuñiga Loria (Nela)
Cleaning & Hospitality
Join the Conversation on Facebook

Costa Rica Recovery
Costa Rica Recovery️ 
What to do When Your Loved One is in Treatment Your loved one has made the brave decision to enter treatment – what now? While your loved one is doing the work of recovery, you’re starting a new chapter too—one that can bring relief, worry, hope, and everything in between. In this article, our founder Scott Huseby shares what families can expect and how to care for themselves during this time: https://bit.ly/3Hh5HYJ If you’re looking for support, we’re here. Call (866) 804-1793, or visit costaricarecovery.com.

What to do When Your Loved One is in Treatment

Your loved one has made the brave decision to enter treatment – what now?

While your loved one is doing the work of recovery, you’re starting a new chapter too—one that can bring relief, worry, hope, and everything in between.

In this article, our founder Scott Huseby shares what families can expect and how to care for themselves during this time: https://bit.ly/3Hh5HYJ

If you’re looking for support, we’re here. Call (866) 804-1793, or visit costaricarecovery.com.
Costa Rica Recovery
Costa Rica Recovery️ 
Happy Thanksgiving to our Canadian Family and Friends! Remember that if a family member is struggling with problematic substance use this holiday, help is available with no waitlist at our center in sunny and uplifting Costa Rica. Get them the treatment they need and get them home for the holidays! Call us at (866) 804-1793, or visit costaricarecovery.com.

Happy Thanksgiving to our Canadian Family and Friends!

Remember that if a family member is struggling with problematic substance use this holiday, help is available with no waitlist at our center in sunny and uplifting Costa Rica. 

Get them the treatment they need and get them home for the holidays!

Call us at (866) 804-1793, or visit costaricarecovery.com.
Costa Rica Recovery
Costa Rica Recovery️ 
October 10th is World Mental Health Day ❤️‍🩹 This day is recognized globally to help us all collaborate to improve access to mental health services for those who need it. In recognition of this day, we wanted to encourage you to reach out to someone in your life if you suspect they need support with a mental health challenge. Here are some tips that may guide your conversation: 1. Find a good space to talk without distractions. This will improve the quality of your communication and foster deeper, more honest answers to your questions. 2. Listen and ask questions. Listening can be one of the most valuable ways to be there for someone. Be patient and listen fully to what they’re saying without changing the subject. 3. Ask how you can help. Ask how you can help rather than making suggestions or telling them what to do next. They might just appreciate being heard, or they may want help getting an appointment with a mental health practitioner – let them guide the conversation. As always, we are here to answer your questions about seeking treatment for problematic substance use. Call us at 1 (866) 804-1793 or visit www.costaricarecovery.com for more information.

October 10th is World Mental Health Day ❤️‍🩹

This day is recognized globally to help us all collaborate to improve access to mental health services for those who need it.

In recognition of this day, we wanted to encourage you to reach out to someone in your life if you suspect they need support with a mental health challenge.

Here are some tips that may guide your conversation:

1. Find a good space to talk without distractions. This will improve the quality of your communication and foster deeper, more honest answers to your questions.

2. Listen and ask questions. Listening can be one of the most valuable ways to be there for someone. Be patient and listen fully to what they’re saying without changing the subject.   

 3. Ask how you can help. Ask how you can help rather than making suggestions or telling them what to do next. They might just appreciate being heard, or they may want help getting an appointment with a mental health practitioner – let them guide the conversation.

As always, we are here to answer your questions about seeking treatment for problematic substance use. Call us at 1 (866) 804-1793 or visit www.costaricarecovery.com for more information.
Costa Rica Recovery
Costa Rica Recovery️ 
Cocaine Treatment that is Effective Cocaine (and crack) has unfortunately become widely abused again throughout North America in recent years, due to many factors, one of which is a prevalent supply coming in from Mexico. Unfortunately, due to the potential of the cocaine being contaminated with fentanyl, the risk for a fatal overdose from cocaine use is at an all-time high. Our treatment center in Costa Rica has been helping adults recover from cocaine dependency for over a decade, and the combination of many factors, like our setting and our highly trained clinical staff have earned us the reputation of being very effective in helping people recover from this very addictive drug. Read an article about recovering from cocaine addiction at our treatment center here: https://costaricarecovery.com/residential-program/cocaine-rehab/. If you want to begin the process of receiving treatment with us in San José, Costa Rica, call us at (866) 804-1793.

Cocaine Treatment that is Effective

Cocaine (and crack) has unfortunately become widely abused again throughout North America in recent years, due to many factors, one of which is a prevalent supply coming in from Mexico.  Unfortunately, due to the potential of the cocaine being contaminated with fentanyl, the risk for a fatal overdose from cocaine use is at an all-time high.

Our treatment center in Costa Rica has been helping adults recover from cocaine dependency for over a decade, and the combination of many factors, like our setting and our highly trained clinical staff have earned us the reputation of being very effective in helping people recover from this very addictive drug.

Read an article about recovering from cocaine addiction at our treatment center here: https://costaricarecovery.com/residential-program/cocaine-rehab/.

If you want to begin the process of receiving treatment with us in San José, Costa Rica, call us at (866) 804-1793.

Take Back Your Life

First Name
Last Name
Email
Phone
Country/Region
Who are you seeking treatment for?

Myself

Connect With Us
Costa Rica Recovery

Embajada de Cuba 100 MTRS este, M. dereche, San José, Costa Rica

Phone: +1 (866) 804-1793

Linkedin Facebook Instagram
Quick Links
Admissions
About Us
Programs
Contact Us
Licenses & Accreditations
Glossary
Accreditations
ministerio-de-salud-costa-rica-logo
ICRC-logo
iafa-logo
@ 2025 Costa Rica Recovery. All rights reserved.

